[MOL-13978][HFAH] Add new variant "fixed-range" for dateRangeInput (#346)
LifeSG/react-design-system: stories/form/form-date-range-input/form-date-range-input.stories.mdx

    </Story>
</Canvas>

> <Heading3>Fixed-range Input</Heading3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Heading3>Fixed range input</Heading3>
```

> A field that only allows user to enter a date range on a fixed interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A field that only allows a user to enter a date range with a fixed duration.
```

<Canvas>

>     <Story name="Fixed-range input">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <Story name="Fixed range input">
```
